Update information in `Game_modifier/No_Fail` about the mechanics of pp reduction while playing w/ NoFail enabled (#5749)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_modifier/No_Fail/en.md

## Description

The **No Fail** mod is a [game modifier](/wiki/Game_modifier) that prevents the player from failing on [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap). Enabling the No Fail mod makes the player incapable of failing a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) even if the [life bar](/wiki/Glossary/Health_bar) drops to zero. Although, if the player has not scored any points during the beatmap, the play *will* fail instead.

> Depending on how many misses you get, playing a beatmap with No Fail mod enabled may incur certain penalty to the amount of [performance points](/wiki/Performance_Points) that you gain from a play. Starting from a base value of 1.0x (100%), each miss count will decrease the performance point gain multiplier by -0.02x (0.5%) up to a maximum of 0.9x (90%). For more information about this mechanic, refer to this [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-14-performance-points-updates).

Reviewer: should not use first person perspective

> Depending on how many misses you get, playing a beatmap with No Fail mod enabled may incur certain penalty to the amount of [performance points](/wiki/Performance_Points) that you gain from the map. Starting from a base value of 1.0x (100%), each miss count will decrease the performance point gain multiplier by -0.02x (0.5%) up to a minimum of 0.9x (90%). For more information about this mechanic, refer to this [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-14-performance-points-updates).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Depending on how many misses you get, playing a beatmap with No Fail mod enabled may incur certain penalty to the amount of [performance points](/wiki/Performance_Points) that you gain from a play. Starting from a base value of 1.0x (100%), each miss count will decrease the performance point gain multiplier by -0.02x (0.5%) up to a maximum of 0.9x (90%). For more information about this mechanic, refer to this [news post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-01-14-performance-points-updates).
```

Author: okie, applied
